# Remoria Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy was last updated on 25/06/2022.

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
### Definitions

#### For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **"Application"** means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named “Remoria”.

* **"Company"** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to “Winds of Change”.

* **"Country"** refers to Italy.

* **"Device"** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone or a digital tablet.

* **"Personal Data"** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* **"Service"** refers to the Website.

* **"Service Provider"** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. 

* **"Usage Data"** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

* **"You"** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
### Types of Data Collected
#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We do not ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that will be used to contact or identify You.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data for analytics.

#### Information Collected while Using the Application

We do not collect any of your information.
## Use of Your Personal Data
We do not ask you for any Personal Data.
## Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will not retain Your Personal Data.
## Transfer of Your Personal Data
The Company will not transfer Your Personal Data.
## Disclosure of Your Personal Data
### Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
### Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
### Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability
## Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
## Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data.
We use PixalBay’s API to get the images for the items in the app.
### Analytics
We will not use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
### Email Marketing
We will not use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You.
## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 4. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 4. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 4 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
## Links to Other Websites

Our Service does not contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.
## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via social media and website on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

* **By sending an email at: petrellesefabrizio@icloud.com**
